Minigame Ideas


1. "Fortnite: Boop Royale" (FFA) - On an ever-shrinking circular stage, players
have to push other players off. Players can charge, with the caveat that the 
boost cannot be corrected after firing.
Last player wins.

2. "AAAAAAAAAA" (FFA) - Players have to button mash to match the prompt on 
screen. Prompts change suddenly and at random. The objective is to move from 
one side of the screen to the other. Incorrect mashes move you backwards, 
correct mashes move you forwards. 

3. "Speed Checkers" (2v2) - Players are delegated into teams, and every turn 
teams are scrambled. The objective is to beat the other team in a scaled-down 
version of checkers.

4. "Drip Drop" (FFA) - Players must rotate a circular stage to guide paint to 
the center. The stage is randomly generated.

5. "Death Tetris" (1v3) - One player must drop blocks, similar to tetris. The 
other players have to scale the blocks in order to make it to the goal, which is
located on the top of the screen. 

6. "Bullet Heaven" (2v2) - Players are split into two teams, each comprised of a
runner and a gunner. The runner has to survive, while the gunner has to fire a 
minimum amount of bullets. If the runner dies or the gunner does not meet the 
bullet quota, the team loses. In case of a tie, they go into overtime and IT 
GETS FASTER

7. "Russian Roulette 2" (FFA) - Players are given a gun and have to choose 
whether to fire or to pass. Firing runs the risk of dying, but awards the player
a point. Most points after 3 rounds wins.

8. "Spinner" (1v3) - 3 players have to navigate an obstacle course comprised of 
spinning platforms. The platforms are different sizes, and spin at different 
rates. The fourth player controls the generalized speed of the entire obstacle 
course. If at least one player survives before time runs out, the 3 players win.

9. "Mixing" (2v2) - Players are split into teams and given 4 poisons labeled 
X, XX, XXX, XXXX, one of each. Each poison has a randomized amount of poison, 
but the property X < XX < XXX < XXXX will always hold. The players must continue
to pour poision into the vial until it explodes (The vial can hold an 
unspecified amount of poison). First team to explode loses. 

10. "Don't Miss" (2v2) - All players are delegated into teams of 2. One player 
on each team controls the direction of a swaying target. The other player 
controls a reticle that is also swaying. The player with the gun has to choose 
when to shoot (there is a 0.75 second delay on the shot). The team with the 
better score wins.

11. "Permutations" (FFA) - All players are tasked with developing button combo
permutations that are three inputs long (ie AAA, AXY, BXX, etc). Player 1 starts
with a button. Player 2 follows up with another button, and player 3 finishes 
the string. Once the string is completed, it cannot be repeated. 

12. "Bouncing Bullets" (FFA) - Players shoot bullets in order to tag other 
players. Bullets bounce off walls. If you are hit by your own bullets, you lose 
a lot of points. Most points win.

13. "Spintrail" 